he'll say but they never never had
anything to do with it but I guess all
of that answer me in your mind somewhere
you know in the fact that he died like
that had to be in the man someplace
Funkadelics music was turning angry the
cover of their next album showed the
Statue of Liberty savagely eating babies
the black communities were being hit
hard by poverty drugs in the Vietnam War
Clinton songs reflected what he saw
around him I think it was reflective of
what was going on in my own life in
generally every way around he saw a lot
of sad people at the at the end of that
era at the same time George was drifting
apart from his family he was completing
America itzá general and at that point
he was still pretty much around until he
started touring and then that s when he
was like home maybe three months and
then he'd be gone
Clinton had split up with his first wife
Carol with whom he had four kids he now
had children scattered across the
continent it wasn't a secret about any
of these children you know as far as
when I was growing up we didn't see each
other
I lived in Toronto Dodd Sean and Georgie
lived and Donna and Daryl lived in New
Jersey and Tracy lived in LA and I was
always you know on the road and
everything but I was always in contact
with my family and all of that
but I was always gone Funkadelic built a
following among young blacks but
mainstream success eluded them it were
too black for the white audiences and to
psychedelic for the older black crowds
when we played this one show and it was
like everybody was tripping I mean you
know everybody I mean that was the thing
and we planned you know we're coming up
to the last song and and then all of a
sudden you know we hit the last note and
we look out there there's nobody out
there you know and we like looked at
each other like wow what happened you
know even the security left I mean
everybody was scared everybody out of
here a lot of people didn't like the
fact that we was loud
you know black in Fenway I mean radio
stations definitely was no place on all
news stations at first
Funkadelic was a ghetto secret filling
urban concert halls without a record on
the radio George Clinton knew he was
onto something good
Funkadelic had hit upon a style of music
that they could call their own
now George was ready to lead the band in
a more commercial direction he was about
to take them on a musical adventure that
would bring them from outerspace to the
top of the charts
one vote Fashion Awards music Emma's is
by that Foo Fighters jet for those SCLC
appearances by Sandra Bullock Locklear
dandy danger that samuel l.jackson other
breasts to be in a market is Sharon
Stone mcgunn and more hosted by
vh1 is rocks sponsored by new ultras
custom color by Clairol not one of these
single ingredient pain relievers is
approved to fight migraine pain
in fact only excedrin migraine has a
formula approved by the FDA for fighting
migraine pain only excedrin migraine
attacks migraine pain with two proven
pain relievers plus an enhancing
ingredient to make its pain relievers
work even better excedrin migraine is
the only approved formula for migraine
pain if you're calling your village
click calls with 1-800 call ADT can save
these big bucks it's the same low wage
every minute 2850 BC you have saved big
bucks my son welcome to this a FRA
sounds play store the talking register
teaches lumbers color screws the
surprise sounds play store from Sesame
Street welcome to our neighborhood
introducing a new men's fragrance adidas
move
first I'm gonna go to my club and you
can go to yours and when I'm done
playing I'll call you and we can swim in
mix pool oh are you the cheese cracker
yeah the plans later so you'll be on
your own and you might having dinner
alone tonight
we can all see the show together
on a magical Disney Cruise Line vacation
you're the director
cool and discover uncharted magic hi
there
Michael Landrum here for Timex bringing
you time axis newest innovation the
Timex turn and pull alarm watch just
turn the ring either way and pull the
crown to set it for short or long-term
reminders let's try setting it for 11
minutes just turn the ring and pull the
crown
next week we'll discuss gum-chewing the
Timex turn and pull alarm watch so
simple we should have thought of it
years ago
we have a gift for making me everyday
extraordinary best by bringing a little
magic to life
in the early 70s George Clinton had a
vision for the future of Parliament
Funkadelic and life on Earth has never
been the same
we had to go back to Vince lik again
because everything was over I seen that
but if we could do that we couldn't stop
it at suits and things definitely gonna
stop this and we had to do something
that was bright and stuff in so we'd say
we have to just look like glitter
straight out cleaner so it was about
funky Liberace's and you know just pip
space people Parliament was one of the
first bands to be signed by Neil Bogart
Casablanca Records the new label that
would go on to make superstars at a
Donna Summer and kiss with their first
Casablanca release up for the downstroke
in 1974 George showed that he had his
eye on the next big thing
Parliament put one foot on the
dancefloor and the other in the ghetto
hey baby hit is the record in the
country the Parliament for the
downstroke yes
but what's happening see see they still
call it the white house but that's a
temporary condition - can you dig it's
easy
while Funkadelic was working the R&B
charts was standing on the verge of
getting it on Parliament put out
chocolate city it was a political satire
set to a funky beat and once he put
blacks in the White House in chocolate
city
Clinton was ready to take
african-americans to a new realm he
wanted to put black folks